[R2] 2022-07-13 changelog (#5140)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/platform/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 2022-07-13

> - S3 XML documents sent to R2 that have an XML declaration aren't rejected with `400 Bad Request` / `MalformedXML`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- S3 XML documents sent to R2 that have an XML declaration are not rejected with `400 Bad Request` / `MalformedXML`.
```
